the english village of wall lies near a
stone wall that borders the magical
kingdom of stormhold
a guard prevents anyone from crossing
dunstan thorne tricks the guard and
crosses over the wall to a marketplace
he meets an enslaved princess named una
who offers him a glass snowdrop in
exchange for a kiss and they spend the
night together
nine months later the wall guard
delivers a baby to dunstan
saying the baby's name is tristan
18 years later the dying king of
stormhold throws a ruby into the sky
decreeing that his successor will be the
first of his fratricidal sons to recover
it
the gem hits a star and both fall out of
the sky
landing in stormhold the remaining
princes
primus septimus and turtius
independently search for the stone
but not before primus poisons tertius
in wall tristan sees the falling star
and vows to retrieve it for the object
of his infatuation the manipulative and
vain victoria
in return for her hand in marriage
tristan learns that his mother is from
beyond the wall
and receives a babylon candle that she
left for him
which can take the user to any desired
location
tristan lights it and is transported to
the fallen star
personified as a beautiful woman named
evan
he chains her to take her to victoria
[Music]
three ancient witch sisters resolved to
eat the fallen star's heart to recover
their youth and replenish their powers
their leader lamia eats the remnants of
an
earlier star's heart and sets off to
find evan
she conjures up a wayside in as a trap
evan becomes tired so tristan chains her
to a tree and promises to bring
food in his absence a
unicorn releases her but unwittingly
takes her delamias in
tristan discovers even gone but the
stars whisper that she is
in danger telling him to get on a
passing coach
which happens to be primus they stop at
the
inn interrupting lamia's attempt to kill
evan
lamia kills primus but tristan and evan
use the babylon
candle to escape into the clouds
where they are captured by pirates in a
flying ship
the leader captain shakespeare lies to
his
crew saying that tristan is his nephew
and evan
a friend providing them with new clothes
he teaches tristan how to fence and even
how to dance
after leaving captain shakespeare's ship
tristan and evan confess
their love for one another and spend the
night together at an inn at the
marketplace
come morning tristan leaves evan
sleeping and goes to wall with a lock of
her hair
to tell victoria he will not marry her
having fallen in love with evan
when the lock turns to stardust he
realizes evan will die if she crosses
the wall
and rushes back to save her evan
finds tristan gone and thinking he has
abandoned her for victoria despondently
walks toward the wall
oona notices evan walking to her doom
and takes the reins of ditch water sal's
caravan to stop her
lamia kills sal and captures luna and
evan
taking them to the witch's manor
septimus and tristan both pursue lamia
agreeing to work together for the time
being
barging into the castle septimus
recognizes luna as his long-lost sister
and she informs tristan that she is his
mother
septimus and tristan kill two of the
witches
but lamia uses a voodoo doll to kill
septimus
lamia is about to finish tristan off
when she appears to break down over the
loss of her sisters
lamia frees evan but her faint defeat
was a ruse
and she tries to kill them both as
tristan and evan embrace their love
allows her to shine once again killing
lamia
tristan retrieves the stone from evan
oona explains that as her son
tristan is the last male heir of
stormhold he becomes king with evan as
his queen while dunstan and luna are
reunited
after 80 years of ruling stormhold
they use a babylon candle to ascend to
the sky
where they live together as stars
[Music]
movie ends in that scene please like
share and subscribe